# Resume

The objective of this application is to list and display the VPN users registered in a LDAP server by groups that represent their worksplaces (defined here as barracks) and filtering by their last VPN access date.

This last information is collected from a CSV file that should be generated by the VPN system, abstracted in this
project. This application needs only this file to have a certain format, first column the user name as registered
in the ldap server and the third one with the date of last access.

Each list displayed, after selecting the group (a barrack) and the time filter, can be saved in a new CSV file.

# Application

## Backend

Retrieves the list of users by barrack, with the respective barrack ID, as saved in the LDAP server, with
the respective last date of login in the VPN system according do CSV file parsed.

It can save a list of users, received as parameter in a CSV file, but this operations is currently being done
by the frontend.

## Frontend

Requests a lists of user per barrack from a list of the barracks's ID numbers saved in the LDAP server and can
filter the list displayed by the time of access, e.g., show only the users that access in seven days.

As expressed before, it can also save the displayed users in a CSV file.

# TO DO

- Save the barracks IDs in the backend and add resource of add and delete an ID (here we considerate that the 
specific list of barracks IDs cannot be retrieved from the LDAP server);
- Verify the implementation of some use of cache, so the application does not have to always make a new request
to the LDAP server when a new list must be displayed